Added warning to Migrate settings about develop mode. (#4906)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/migration/migration-migrate-settings.md

2. Change to the Magento `/bin` directory or make sure it is added to your system PATH.

{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info }

> Make sure Magento is deployed in default mode. Developer mode can cause validation errors in the migration tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure Magento is deployed in default mode. Developer mode can cause validation errors in the migration tool.
```

You may ignore, rename or change the system configurations when migrating settings. For this, specify your custom rules in the `settings.xml` file.

1. Log in to your Magento server as, or switch to, the [Magento file system owner]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/prereq/apache-user.html).

1. Change to the following directory:

       <your Magento 2 install dir>/vendor/magento/data-migration-tool/etc/<edition-to-edition>

   For example, if Magento 2 is installed in `/var/www/html`, you'll find `settings.xml.dist` in one of the following directories:

        /var/www/html/vendor/magento/data-migration-tool/etc/opensource-to-commerce
        /var/www/html/vendor/magento/data-migration-tool/etc/commerce-to-commerce
        /var/www/html/vendor/magento/data-migration-tool/etc/opensource-to-opensource

1. To create a `settings.xml` file from the provided sample, run:

   ```bash
   cp settings.xml.dist settings.xml
   ```

1. Make your changes in `settings.xml`.

> 1. Specify the new name of the settings file for mapping. To do that, change the `<settings_map_file>` tag in the `path/to/config.xml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To specify the new name of the settings file for mapping change the `<settings_map_file>` tag in the `path/to/config.xml` file.
```
